who are you my name is Michael and I am
going to be doing the tungsten ring test
today alright ladies and gentlemen we
are now going to do the hammer test and
again I'm going to hold the Rings with
the pliers I'm going to hit it with a
hammer and we're basically going to put
it on top of this wood to protect the
table and also see if we mark up the
wood at all as a result of hitting these
rings the first ring that we have up is
the white gold ring
so as you can see ring is still still
circular still round still can be worn
on a finger we'll see if that changes
with this hitting up the hammer and here
we go
we gave it about four or five hits with
a hammer not a lot of power used in
hitting this hammer and as you can see
the ring the white gold ring is
significantly damaged it's gone from
being circular to more of an oval egg
shape and would probably be extremely
tough to wear on the finger that it was
chosen for so this again is the white
gold ring hammer test and we are going
to move on down the line
alright again we're going to continue on
with a hammer test this time we are
attacking the platinum ring I'm going to
do the same test that we just did with
the white gold ring and get a good grip
and again we'll just do about four or
five hits with a hammer and see what
happens alright again not very hard with
a hammer the pressure applied to the
hammer it was hopefully you can see that
on the video it wasn't extremely hard
not a lot of pressure not a lot of power
put into the hammer and taking a look at
the ring it is now significantly damaged
but it's definitely ruined the ring and
now will no longer be circular like it
once was
and now we're going to the moving to the
titanium ring this ring is wider
stronger than the previous two rings so
there'll be a little bit more pressure
applied with the hammer a little bit
more power to see if we caused any marks
or any damage to the ring and once again
this is titanium and as you can see from
this angle that it's circular all right
I only did three hits there was more
power increased on the hammer because
it's a tougher ring but as you can see
the ring has definitely been the
circular ring is now again more oval
more egg-shaped and so that's that we're
going to move on
okay now with the past three rings we
did white gold platinum titanium all of
them have gone for being circles to
being oval-shaped basically ruining the
ring we'll see if this happens with the
tungsten ring tungsten is up now use the
pliers as you can see the ring is
circular now I'm really going to slug
this because obviously this is the
tungsten test so I'm going to do more
than more hits than I've done with any
of the other rings and as with the last
one the titanium ring I'm going to hit
it just as hard if not harder so we will
see what kind of an effect this has on
the tungsten ring all right give it
about seven whacks eight wax just as
much power if not more than what we did
on the titanium ring there's no no
scuffing from the hammer which was
expected but can you see that still
circular it is still circular can still
be worn on the finger that it was
intended for unlike any of the other
three rings the tungsten ring has held
up remarkably well
you